Works
Selected designs
Graphic Design and Illustration (3)
Logo Design (4)
UI/UX (3)

Have project in mind? Let’s work on it!
Name (FN, LN)
Email
Subject (Dropdown [Info, Logo design, Graphic Design, UI/UX Design, Hire me])
Message

Social Media: Behance, Facebook, Instagram

About
Kamusta?
I’m Mars and I am a designer based in the bustling city of Manila.

I am currently working as a Graphic Designer for an independent tech and events company but over the past couple of years, I am slowly shifting to UX/UI Design. My expertise in design started way back in college, where I contributed the official logo for the institution’s Student Awards, which I consider my most precious work because I was able to imprint my talent in the school for years to come.

As a budding UX/UI Designer, my love for the field began through my curiosity in learning how to design from scratch and how to create interactive content. It was a bit nerve wracking before because this is a skill that is very outside of my comfort zone, but through learnings from my mentors and self-teaching, I fully embraced the world of UX/UI Design. My ultimate favorite part of this passion of mine is concocting designs that will help brands, businesses, and their consumers’ lives easier.

As a young designer, who is still grasping the creative and tech worlds, I maximize my free time by learning. I have attended several conferences and workshops on design, leadership, and management. I also am fond of reading books and articles about design and management, as well as documentaries. With all this side hustle and my full time job, I also value work-life balance and having a life outside of my work, because hey, I am not a robot and I don’t want to turn into one (LOL). I am a very outdoors-y person. I love camping and hiking (Tara, Akyat?) and get lost in the world of online gaming, most especially PUBG!

Want to work with me? Tara!




My Design Process
I have crafted my own process of work that I proudly call “Mars 101”. Here, I define the steps that I carefully take when working with clients to ensure top notch output and a harmonious working relationship.
1.	Define the Problem
I thoroughly ask questions (better safe than sorry! LOL) to client to know what problems need to be addressed and why it is necessary to turn the problem to a solution.
2.	Goal
After careful planning with the client, next step is to identify our main goal. How will the user journey/framework work? Will there be a user success story on this solution?
3.	Research
Through researching, I gather data where I can discover possible solutions. This step will allow me to collaborate with fellow designers or developers (or fellow tech nerds HEHE), to ensure the delivery of world class solutions.
4.	Wire framing / Low Fidelity Wire
This is where I brainstorm. I sketch all possible UI designs of the project and take note of every small to big detail.
5.	UI Design / High Fidelity
Finally, I make magic. I transform the approved sketch to life and fully utilize my creativity in selecting colors, icons, and images.
6.	Prototype
I make the prototype of the final design using an application sent from the heavens above, the Adobe XD. This is where I make it interactive and user-friendly.

7.	Development
This is where I activate my army of developers on implementing the final design to make sure it is testing-ready.
8.	Testing
The main event! This is where I test the design for quality assurance and repeat the process to add new details if there are any to further improve the user experience.

